support input tx argument (#473)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/dapp/json-rpc/api-references/klay/transaction.md

| gas | QUANTITY | (optional) Integer of the gas provided for the transaction execution. `klay_call` consumes zero gas, but this parameter may be needed by some executions. |
| gasPrice | QUANTITY | (optional) Integer of the gasPrice used for each paid gas. |
| value | QUANTITY | (optional) Integer of the value sent with this transaction. |

> | input | DATA | (optional) Hash of the method signature and encoded parameters. It replaces `data` field but 'data` field is still being supported for backward-compatiblity. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| input | DATA | (optional) Hash of the method signature and encoded parameters. It replaces `data` field, but 'data` field is still supported for backward compatibility.  |
```

| gas | QUANTITY | (optional) Integer of the upper gas limit provided for the gas estimation. If no gas limit is specified, the Klaytn node uses the designated gas limit as an upper bound.  
| gasPrice | QUANTITY | (optional) Integer of the gasPrice used for each paid gas. |
| value | QUANTITY | (optional) Integer of the value sent with this transaction. |

> | input | DATA | (optional) Hash of the method signature and encoded parameters. It replaces `data` field but 'data` field is still being supported for backward-compatiblity. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| input | DATA | (optional) Hash of the method signature and encoded parameters. It replaces `data` field, but 'data` field is still supported for backward compatibility.  |
```
